1.73

Feature: Replace app icon.

Feature: Backup/Restore now uses compressed JSON instead of a binary
copy of the database files to improve compatibilty of restore to a
different device.

1.72

Bugfix: Duplicate entries in the database are ignored if they exist.

1.71

Bugfix: Fixed calculation of predicted cycles.

Bugfix: Detail view now uses the correct again for days within a cycle.

1.70

Feature: Various adjustments for Android 13.

Feature: Information about the cycle data (number, duration) is displayed in a
separate view.

1.67

Feature: Updated translations.

Bugfix: The app now tries to keep the storage permission persistent after a
folder for backups was selected.

1.66

Feature: Added Ukrainian as language and updated translations.

1.65

Bugfix: Changing the period intensity on a day without any other information
caused the deletion of this entry.

Feature: When a backup is not possible the dialog to select the storage
location will be opened automatically.

1.64

Bugfix: Fixed potential crash when adding new data.

1.63

Bugfix: Cleaning up unused data in the internal database.

1.62

Bugfix: Fixed missing elements in the detailed list.

1.61

Feature: Changed layout of the detailed list.

Bugfix: Fixed problems with Persian translation.

Feature: Added English in language selection.

1.52

Bugfix: Display of “help” and app information now also works in Turkish.

1.50-1.51

Feature: Language can be changed within the app.

Feature: Start of week can be set to any day of the week.

1.49

Bugfix: Fixed crash when trying to restore without a backup at the selected
location.

Feature: Added Persian translations.

1.48

Bugfix: If the selected location for backups does not allow write access
Periodical does not crash any longer.

Bugfix: Corrected list with details.

Feature: Navigation bar with dark background.

1.47

Bugfix: Two options for “mood” did not get saved.

1.45

Feature: New section for “mood” in the details.

Feature: Added Basque as language.

Feature: Backup and restore now use the Storage Access Framework.

1.44

Feature: Added Azerbaijani as language.

Bugfix: Backup and restore is now also possible with Android 10.

1.43

Feature: Update to AndroidX.

Bugfix: Fixed calculation of predicted ovulation.

1.42

Bugfix: Starting a period after the first day of a predicted cycle is now
possible again.

1.41

Bugfix: Corrected intensity in detail view.

1.40

Bugfix: Symbols for details will now be displayed in empty days as well.

Bugfix: Adding and removing days to/from a period now always works correct.

1.32

Feature: Added new symptom and updated help text.

1.31:

Feature: Added Hebrew translation.

1.30:

Feature: The calendar now indicates if there are events, symptoms or notes for
a day.

Feature: Events and symptoms are now separate lists in the details.

Feature: Added Greek translation.

1.23

Bugfix: Details can now also be added or opened in empty days.

1.22

Feature: Added loading screen.

1.20

Feature: New translation: Polish.

1.18

Feature: Updated translations.

Bugfix: Reverted language codes back to their generic form to avoid missing
translations when a regional language setting is used.

1.16

Bugfix: Fixed a crash when changing the month using the buttons.

1.15

Bugfix: Changed preferences did not get stored when the app was closed with
the preferences opened.

1.13

Feature: Updated translations.

Bugfix: Links in the version information will now be opened with the standard
browser and not inside Periodical (which couldn’t work since Periodical does
not request internet access).

1.12

Feature: New symptom: headache/migraine

1.11

Feature: Redesign with navigation drawer.

Feature: Simple list view with cycle lengths added again.

1.06

Feature: Added translation for Portuguese (Brazil).

1.05

Feature: Updated symptom descriptions.

1.04

Feature: Single days can be added to a period or removed from a period.

Feature: Days of the period can be marked with an individual intensity.

Feature: You can add notes and symptoms to every day.

Feature: The calendar view shows the day of the cycle and the intensity of the
period.

Feature: The list view shows the intensity of the period, notes and symptoms.

0.35

Feature: Added maximum cycle length.

0.33

Feature: Updated French translation.

0.32

Feature: Added Japanese translation.

0.31

Feature: Added AppCompat for older devices.

0.30

Feature: Added option to change luteal phase length.

Bugfix: Fixed wrong sort order in list view.

Feature: Improved permission handling for Android 6 or later.

0.29

Bugfix: Fixed handling of backups in newer Android versions.

0.27

Feature: Added translations for Czech and Dutch (thanks to the Github user
„Pander“) ergänzt.

Feature: Adjusted color scheme to Material Design.

0.23

Feature: Added Russian translation.

Bugfix: Added some missing content descriptions for some week day labels.

0.22

Feature: Improved accessibility support: All elements now provide a meaningful
content description, so the app can also be used with TalkBack.

0.21

Bugfix: Details list in right sort order again.

0.20

Feature: Added Spanish translation (thanks to Laura Arjona Reina).

Feature: Extended the color scheme to display days before the first cycle and
after the last calculated cycle.

Feature: Code cleanup and optimization.

Feature: Target platform changed to SDK version 20 (Android 4.4).

0.19

Bugfix: Fixed wrong weekday labels when changing the start of the week.

0.18

Feature: Added Italian translation (thanks to Valerio Bozzola).

Feature: Additional preference for start of the week (sunday or monday).

0.17

Bugfix: Fixed a problem with restoring databases and preferences.

0.16

Bugfix: Under Android 2 there was a crash when you tried to open the newly
introduced preferences.

Feature: The French translation has been updated.

0.15

Feature: Added preferences to adjust the default length of a period in days.

Feature: “About” and “Help” are now separate activities displaying HTML and no
dialog boxes any longer.

Note to developers: Beginning with version 0.15 Eclipse is not used any
longer. The project now uses IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition.

0.14

Feature: Modified color scheme to display future fertile days a bit lighter.

Feature: The calculation of the longest and shortest period is now done for
the last 12 entries only to avoid the fertile period getting longer but never
shorter again.

Feature: The “today” marker is now a circle and not an oval any longer.

0.13

Feature: French translation updated.

Feature: Increased resolution of overlay icons for MDPI devices.

Feature: There is now a separate layout for landscape view.

0.12

Feature: The calendar is now a bit “nicer” with rounded corners, nicer “today”
marker and symbols
for the first day of the period and the day of ovulation.

0.11

Feature: The day of ovulation is now being calculated and displayed in the
calendar.

0.10

Feature: Added new app icons for low and high density display devices (ldpi,
hdpi, xhdpi).

Feature: Detail list now allows to select an entry to display the
corresponding month.

Feature: Reworked color display and focused elements in the calendar are now
displayed properly.

Feature: Modified manifest so the app and its data may be backed up using ADB.

Bugix: Database cursor was not closed properly when loading the detail list.

0.9

Feature: Added new dialog to display help text.

Feature: Added GPL text to “about” dialog.

Feature: Changed color scheme from red, green, white to red, blue, yellow
according to the chain of Maria Hengstberger.

Feature: Modified layout to display text in calendar view more readable.

Feature: Updated french translation.

0.8

Feature: Added French as additional language.

Bugfix: Text correction.

0.7

Feature: Better support for newer Android versions (Action Bar, adjusted
layout) and improvements in the UI.

Feature: The detailed list now also shows period lengths.

Bugfix: The longest period is now correctly displayed if it is shorter than 28
days.

0.4

Bugfix: The database cursor was not closed properly after reading the data.

0.3

Bugfix: The identification of the current day in the calendar was not updated
if Periodical was in the background and activated again on the next day.

Feature: An individual application icon was added.

0.1

First release.
